Case recursively foreign key relation

In this case we want to show how the VPD work with entities which stand in recursively foreign key relations.
That means we have a entity A,B,C and the primary Key from A is the foreign key in B and the Primary keys from A and B are the forgein keys in C and so on. In the Figur below you can see a generated example called bank customer.
There the entities "bank customer", "bank account" and "transaction". The entity "bank customer" have the primary key "costumer number" which is the foreign key in entity "bank account", the "IBAN" is the primary key in entity "bank account" and the foreign key in "transaction". It is possible to expand the example with the other side of the transaction, like double entry, but this is not so importent for the clearness.

IMAGE ERD-bank


Case record does not exist

In the case we won`t give access to data if an entry in the database does not exist, we have to check it before the system answer the query. To demonstrate the use case we look on the case study from VAMOS ( DB Acesscontroll, trommler, 2011). On the figure ERD-Vamos we can see, that only relatives which have an special entry in the DB, can see the health status form the VAMOS Customer. 

IMAGE ERD-Vamos


Case time restriction

If the access to data have a time restriction, we have to check the constraints of the record first.
An example for this can be a digitial homework system. Let us introduce ourselves we have a Teacher who provides the homework and the pattern solution to that in a document system. The students have to upload her homework and after this, the can download the pattern solution but not before the uploaded the her homework. After the look on the pattern solution they can´t change or alter the uploaded homework. The Figure below demonstrate the example and we see each entity.

IMAGE ERD-Homework


Introduction to Oracle Virtual Private Database

To understand the functionalty of this security feature we have to look on how it works.
Cite!!!! To implement Oracle Virtual Private Database, you must create a function to generate the dynamic WHERE clause, and a policy to attach this function to the objects that you want to protect. 
Cite!!!
(security guide 2017, Oracle)
#######
in eigenge Worte gefasst:
In the function we declare the dynamic where clause that defines these restrictions.
And in the Policy we associates the function to a table, view or synonym.
#######

In the Figure below you see examples for each one for a better understanding.

IMAGE Policy and function examples!!!!! get they from the turorial an 10.4 



There are a some different types of policy.

Input images => Images Table 10-2 (page 10-24) summarizes the types of policy types available. DBMS_RLS.ADD_POLICY Policy Types

(security guide 2017, Oracle)


Below are the knowledge from the pratice test on the prototype.

images from the prototyp in SQL!

